**Design Rationale**

Our approach to compiling the final version of interface sketches for Milestone 3 involved consolidating the compatible elements from each group member's initial set of ideas. We arrived at a design with four icons forming the bottom navigational bar: Home, Calendar, Analytics, and Profile. These four operations are the basis of navigation through the application as well as the most sought-out features, revealed through user testing. 

Our home screen is the page that the application displays when opened. Motivated by the insight that users want to track their committments on a daily basis, it is structured as a daily tasks/reminder with a chronological list of pending tasks. For example, if a user wants to keep track of their homework or record their spending, they can input this on our app and it will be displayed on the Home Screen with its deadline. Our design incorporates checkboxes to employ interactivity and invoke a sense of accomplishment in the users when they check off tasks. To ensure that the screen does not become overly cluttered, completed tasks will be removed from this screen. Weekly and monthly calendar views allow for added flexibility for users, some of whom prefer a zoomed out view of their tasks and some of whom prefer zoomed in views. The analytics are also split between weekly and monthly reports for the same reason.

Standard for all users is the task input screen, which is a key function of the application and thus is placed on the navigation bar. This page allows for both a streamlined, standard way to input tasks to the calendar and a customizable approach to entry. When inputting tasks or goals, we provide the user the ability to categorize their tasks under academics, spending or medicine so they can better organze their goals. In addition, we allow them to select a metric such as dollars, goal, or exam, depending on the task. For example, if a user wanted to set a spending goal of $15, they can select the metric dollars. Recording spending is not a setting a goal in this case. As a result, we created a separate view for recording spending separate from the adding a task page so users can record spending for each transaction.  Our design incorporates the ability to repeat goals/tasks either every day, every week, every month, etc. This allows users to better plan and define their goals since in our scenarios, users may have regularly occuring tasks from classes.

Based on one of our scenarios, our design provide a weekly and monthly report so users can visualize their deadlines and tasks in a more digestable fashion. In this way, users can better reach goals and are more incentivized to accomplish a goal. For example, we show progress bars for academics and food. In addition, we show pie charts to show the percentage of medicine missed. Users through these visualizations can also see the breakdown of their progress. Furthermore, we integrated a weekly view to show tasks for each day on a calendar so users can better plan their work, medicine intake and set spending goals. Lastly, based on our scenarios where users wanted a reminder about certain tasks such as taking medicine, we allow them to turn on notifications to remind them about upcoming deadlines whether it be medicine or an academic goal, and we display deadlines to remind users about the items they're tracking.

During user testing, we found that users wanted to set a due date that was more granular. For example, instead of restricting deadlines to the day of the month, we now allow users to input a specific time of the day when the goal/task is due. We also displayed spending goals on our weekly calendar view to provide users with more information about their tasks. One user remarked that it was impossible to go back to the task list if he decided not to add a new task. Thus we decided to add a back button so users can navigate back to the tasks page from the adding task page. In addition, another user stated that our profile page may not need to be so complicated. He stated for a tracking app, we may not need to allow users to change profile pictures. Thus, we removed that option and allowed users to only change name or email. Multiple users also suggested more detailed breakdowns. For example, allowing users to view paticular details and tasks that make up the visualizations on the analyitics page or tasks page would be helpful for them to better understand their goals. We decided to incorporate a function where details about the task can be displayed on hover on the task page so quick summaries of the tasks are more easily accessible. Lastly, we eliminated the notification setting in a setting menu. To one of our users, this was confusing, so we decided to place the notification setting directly on the profile page.