**Justification of Redesign for Original Personas**

Our final design still addresses our persona's needs, but with an added emphasis on logic and intuition. Instead of using a calendar to display the user's tasks, the tasks are grouped on the main page by the date they are due. The user can still visualize what the need to get done, but through a list view rather than a calendar view. We found that the calendar actually detracted from visualization because of the amount of information it forced onto one page -- for example, the original monthly view calendar would have pertained to several tasks spread over 30 days, which is extremely dense. We got rid of the monthly view and weekly view, opting instead for a list view that presents data in clusters based on due dates in an organized manner.

In the task input form, under the repeat field, we eliminated the weekly and monthly repeat so that there is only Daily repeat available. The health-conscious persona who might be tracking medicine is much likelier to take medicines daily rather than they are to take it weekly or monthly. The repeat function is only an option for this category because the remaining categories are also unlikely to be recurring on a daily basis. We implemented the daily functionality to serve this purpose. Originally, we believed that there could be weekly homework for some classes; however, after careful re-evaluation of our persona, we concluded that this is not our user's prioritized goal. 

Our redesign has also removed the reminder notifications feature. Primarily, this movement away from external push notifications is due to the fact that tracking applications are unlikely to be used for reminders before events, but rather for logging events once they are completed. To allow for the highest degree of usability and least amount of confusion about the purpose of the application, we removed the reminders and avoided overwhelming users with unnecessary features. Having consulted with TAs, we realized that iOS does not support notifications in Progressive Web Apps -- only Android does. Hence, we did not want to alienate the iOS user base and decided to remove reminder notifications entirely. 
